la la la la la la la man I love hanging
out with my friends just hanging out or
something I hear you man hey kids I know
after-school program just opened so if
you'd like to join please sign your
signature here and oh my god did the
weapon well that was fun yeah indeed
what are you guys on crack he was just
trying to let us let's join her
after-school program obviously that guy
was a rapist who was it crap well how do
you know he wasn't how do you know he
was well kids this will be a new lesson
for us and how well kids look into my
eyes normal right now can it his eyes
feel deeply you'll see this evil redness
now up deep I said deep know a little
bit deeper yeah just but they're a
little bit to the right it see what I
mean how is that a good lesson you shut
up now youtube viewers if you think this
is funny what do you see the real part
it wasn't mala la la la la
voila la la la la
hey shut up stop putting my hair oh boy
I'll pull your hair if I want to no stop
it stop it stop it now class settle down
today we're gonna be having a history
quiz now question one who freed the
slaves um let's see uh you Bob it was
Michael Jackson who freed the slaves
Michael Jackson didn't free the slaves
he only he freed the ones that were
three years old no was will smooth no it
was Nicolas Cage now class everyone
knows that was Paris Hilton who freed
the slaves darn it if only he could have
picked me now question 2 where is the
Underground Railroad you underground yes
good answer now question 3 who is our
15th president oh you it was Master
Chief correct now class the people who
won on and got the best score of last
week's test I got a little surprise for
you no class your prizes will be under
your desks I hope you like um I wonder
what it is yeah it's a big mystery
hey it's what it's a ticket to the next
choice football game oh my god I think
I'm gonna have a heart attack ha ha ha
dibs on his ticket a few days later at
the football game man I can't wait to go
to this football game I mean I wonder
what it will be like you know it will be
like a football game dude this is my
first time Oh what why were you excited
about this Center is well the reasons i
said well the reason i said dibs on his
ticket because i wanted to go a football
game and that's why i did the test
that's all yeah pretty much that's all
well I did it because I like football
yeah me too then I might as well try it
well well I guess you should ya see no
I'm not returning well you still are
because you don't know football damn
this is a good football game man ya
think this is the best quality that can
be hey hey wait a second what's not good
doing oh where what what is done I think
he's cheating ah please stop shaking
haha sure Myrtle ball I dude she don't
we do something I have a better idea
gentlemen let's watch haha that's a me